# ClientServerDevelopment

### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I utilze comments in my code and organize my code with spacing to write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable. This made it easy to utilize the CRUD Python module from Project One to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. Code that is easier to read, is easier to re-apply to various projects. I can use the CRUD Python module in other projects by adjusting areas of the code as needed to match the requirements of other programs.

### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
When faced with a problem, I start with reviewing the given requirement that has been requested. I make sure I understand what is being asked and then begin planning how that requirement will be met and implemented within the program. I use visual aides and flowcharts to plan. Once I have a plan made, I begin coding. I run and check my code frequently for errors so that they can be resolved. Once I have a working program that meets the requirement, I move on to the next requirement and continue the process.

### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists create new technology and programs to enhance software that can be utilized by a variety of different users. My work on this type of project could help a company that needs a program that can sort through information within a database. This project was designed for a company to be able to quickly locate dogs from shelters that can be rescues for various purposes. Each category required dogs of certain ages or breeds and this program would retrieve and display the dogs that met the criteria to make the employess of Grazioso Salvare more efficiently identify dogs to rescue and train.
